Do I still have to pay to buy this?
joke?
First time at an auction?
Madam, don't be ridiculous.
The total is 600,000 and zero one plate.
In this case, I will give you one plate first.
I will pay you the remaining micro payment when the time comes.
Madam, stop joking.
You don’t have money, why are you here robbing me?
Let me give you a tip.
We will talk about the remaining money when the time comes.
Ladies, we are professionally trained.
No tipping is required, especially if you give this.
Whose family do you belong to?
Are you here to cause trouble? Mr.
If he has no money
Today’s ring
Count the ladies I photographed
please have money for you
Complete this transaction yes yes but
Can you pay by credit card? Sorry
We don’t have kanna in our hands here
Jiang’s Kani Jiang’s
Who are you from the Jiang family?